# Tech Talk DC Organizers Meeting Notes
> New meetings notes should be added to the top of the file. Discussions in the comments are welcome by anyone
> All discussions are subject to our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/techtalkdc/CodeOfConduct/blob/master/README.md)
- - - -
### June 28th 2017
1. Retrospective on Last month's event
    1. Kevin Groat's talk on React/Redux
    2. Well attended (40 people/80 people responded)
    3. Topic was on Wyn's Tech Radar
    4. Pros:
        1. No attendance limit may have helped (continue going forward)
        2. Low rate of attrition (we expect 33%, we got high 40%'s)
    5. Cons:
        1. Internet went down
2. Upcoming events
    1. Nara Kasbergen - Empathy as a Service
    2. Identified from WeSpeakToo.org
    3. NPR developer
    4. Diversity of topics and speakers!
    5. Survey attendees at the end
    6. Add to Wyn's tech topics.
3. Wyn's Tech Topics
    1. Great comprehensive list
    2. Promote to members of TTDC.
    3. https://github.com/techtalkdc/Open-Governance/blob/master/topic-focus.md
    4. Solicit feedback from memberbase through e-mail
4. TTDC Organizer Role definition
    1. Director - Doguhan
        1. Oversees operation
        2. Guides vision
        3. Guides topics
        4. Reviews Topic PR's
        5. TTDC MC duties
    2. Technical Director - Wyn
        1. Oversees technical vision
        2. Generates potential contacts
        3. Marketing outreach
        4. Reviews Topic PR's
        5. TTDC MC duties
    3. Organizer(s) - Jen & Pat
        1. Coordinate Speakers
        2. Book venue
        3. Organize food
        4. Member outreach
        5. TTDC MC duties
        6. Meeting Minutes
- - - -
### May 23rd 2017
1. Retrospective on last month's events (Docker Workshop & Kotlin)
    1. Docker workshop well attended with over 50 people 
    2. Kotlin talk was 15 people.  Full house actually (half the ATX) 
    3. Lessons learned: Workshops during the weekday have the potential to have much better attendance than our weekend series. 
    4. Docker was a very popular topic. 
    5. Introductory material was well embraced. 
    6. Wifi issues in the ATX with large audience. 
    7. Passing out Feedback forms right after the talk. 
2. Survey Results and conclusions 
3. Discussion of upcoming events 
    1. Kevin Groat scheduled for next month
    2. Nate Hessler moved
    3. Robbie Holmes follow up for July
    4. Node DC nodeschool workshop in August
    5. Robbie Holmes talking about using a different venue, DU has contacted him.
4. Direction of Tech Talk DC
    1. We'd like to establish a vision of where the meetup is going
    2. Picking broad catagories that we can find talks for the rest of the year.
        1. Focus what the talks will be around can make it easier for us to find speakers.
    3. Wyn to create a draft list of catagories for the year.
    4. Suggestion of meetups where we can find speakers.
        1. Try to partner up with another meetup.
5. Clearly define roles in the Meetup leadership
    1. Define the separate responsibilities of running the meetup
    2. Will let us know what needs to be covered.
    3. Allow us to transition leadership more smoothly.
    4. Pat Leong will define it.
- - - -
### Feb 4th 2017
1.	We need to figure out what we’re going to do for April, May, June.
    1.	Schedule the regular meetup first
    2.	Workshops are a bonus
    3.	Sahil needs to reach out to someone in April: Bjorn Westergaard
    4.	Bringing in known speakers?
        1.	Coming up with a list of “known” speakers for April, May, June
            1.	Jeff Harcourt
            2.	Kate Rabinowitz
            3.	CTO 1776
            4.	Capitol One – James Patterson
            5.	USDS - Robbie Holmes
            6.	Roy Osherove
            7.	Reginald Braithwaite
            8.	Nathan Hessler
2.	Monitoring/polling the members to make sure we’re having the right amount of events
3.	Half of those who attend are new members, how to make them repeat members?
4.	Diversity
    1.	Pat to reach out to Taylor and Lougenia
5.	Tech Talk DC Happy Hour 
    1.	After a meetup or as a regular event.
- - - -
### January 6th, 2017
1. What can we do to encourage organizer engagement?
    1. Topics are limited to language specific, section that is impacted by the topics, what’s useful in front-end development? 
    2. Sahil suggests that we focus talks towards one topic so that everyone - whether member or organizer - is incentivized to attend more often, (hopefully) helping people to take ownership and stay engaged on a more regular basis
    3. Sean suggests making a poll and curating our speakers to the interests of the members.
    4. All organizers have access to the twitter account?
        1.	Make sure that all of us can be responsible for what is said and what we follow/retweet.
2. Tech Series (Speakers Jan, Feb, March)
    1. Thinking of doing a series of talks instead of just standard talks
    2. No single person speaking who is an “expert,” more of a panel discussion
    3. More of a book club
    4. Alex Hoffman wanted to do a Javascript talk in February.
    5. Docker workshop/series
3. Workshops before the summer
    1. Workshops last year were in the summer, didn’t’ have a great turnout
    2. Make sure that we get the workshops out before summer for greater engagement.
    3. Consistency and focus of topics
4. Member engagement
    1. Putting together a draft for the poll of members and the topics that they would like to learn about.
        1. Example: http://stackoverflow.com/research/developer-survey-2016
    2. 13th and L meetup location? We can learn more about the preference of members for location change based on the poll.
    3. Sponsors
        1. Engage more companies, transparency of how its being organized?
        2. Public slack channel where we can discuss how the meetup is being organized?
5. Diversity
    1. Pat is doing research and is going to be reaching out to different members of the community to try and get speakers outside of our existing pool.